Improve multi-config documentation (#5714)
GoogleContainerTools/skaffold: docs/content/en/docs/design/config.md

We generally recommend placing the configuration file in the root directory of the Skaffold project.

## Multiple configuration support

> A single `skaffold.yaml` file can define multiple skaffold configurations in the schema described above using the separator `---`. If these configuration objects have the `metadata.name` property then you can individually invoke a selection of configurations to run in any skaffold session.

Reviewer: we should introduce this as a "module" since the flag is called that... namely a module is when you have a named skaffold config

Author: done

  # deploy definition
```

> Here `cfg1` and `cfg2` are independent skaffold configurations. Running `skaffold dev` for instance will execute actions from both these configurations. You could also run `skaffold dev -m cfg1` to only activate the `cfg1` configuration and skip `cfg2`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here `cfg1` and `cfg2` are independent skaffold modules. Running `skaffold dev` for instance will execute actions from both these modules. You could also run `skaffold dev --module cfg1` to only activate the `cfg1` module and skip `cfg2`.
```

Author: done

## Configuration dependencies

> In addition to authoring configurations in a `skaffold.yaml` file, we can also import other existing configurations as dependencies. Skaffold manages all imported and defined configurations in the same session. It also ensures all artifacts in a required config are built prior to those in current config (provided the artifacts have dependencies defined); and all deploys in required configs are applied prior to those in current config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to authoring configurations in a `skaffold.yaml` file, we can also import other existing modules as dependencies. Skaffold manages all imported and defined modules in the same session. It also ensures all artifacts in a required config are built prior to those in current config (provided the artifacts have dependencies defined); and all deploys in required modules are applied prior to those in current config.
```

Author: I've changed all other occurrences of `modules` vs `configurations`. The distinction is only important for the `--module` flag which requires named-configurations. So a module is then a named configuration.

{{< alert title="Note:" >}}

> Running `skaffold <command> -m <config-name>` will filter to the specified target configuration, but also include the transitive closure of all other configurations in its dependency graph. For instance, if a config `cfg1` imported `cfg2` as a dependency while `cfg2` imported `cfg3` and `cfg4`, then running `skaffold dev -m cfg1` would activate all of `cfg1`, `cfg2`, `cfg3` and `cfg4` and execute them in dependency order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running `skaffold <command> --module <config-name>` will filter to the specified target module, but also include the transitive closure of all other configurations in its dependency graph. For instance, if a config `cfg1` imported `cfg2` as a dependency while `cfg2` imported `cfg3` and `cfg4`, then running `skaffold dev --module cfg1` would activate all of `cfg1`, `cfg2`, `cfg3` and `cfg4` and execute them in dependency order.
```

Author: done

{{< /alert >}}

### Local config dependency

> Consider the same `skaffold.yaml` defined above. Configurations `cfg1` and `cfg2` from the above file can be imported as dependencies in your current config, via:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider the same `skaffold.yaml` defined above. Modules `cfg1` and `cfg2` from the above file can be imported as dependencies in your current config, via:
```

Author: done
